this Terry Jones had a love of the absurd that contributed much to the anarchic humour of Monty Python's Flying Circus. His style of visual comedy, leavened with a touch of the surreal, inspired many comedians who followed him. It was on Python that he honed his directing skills, notably on Life of Brian and The Meaning of Life. A keen historian, he wrote a number of books and fronted TV documentaries on ancient and medieval history. Terence Graham Parry Jones was born in Colwyn Bay in north Wales on 1 February 1942. His grandparents ran the local amateur operatic society and staged Gilbert and Sullivan concerts on the town's pier each year His family moved to Surrey when he was four but he always felt nostalgic about his native land. "I couldn't bear it and for the longest time I wanted Wales back," he once said. "I still feel very Welsh and feel it's where I should be really." After leaving the Royal Grammar School in Guildford, where he captained the school, he went on to read English at St Edmund Hall, Oxford. However, as he put it, he "strayed into history", the subject in which he graduated. While at Oxford he wrote sketches for the Oxford Revue and performed alongside a fellow student, Michael Palin.
(CNN) An Iranian chess referee says she is frightened to return home after she was criticized online for not wearing the appropriate headscarf during an international tournament. Currently the chief adjudicator at the Women's World Chess Championship held in Russia and China, Shohreh Bayat says she fears arrest after a photograph of her was taken during the event and was then circulated online in Iran. "They are very sensitive about the hijab when we are representing Iran in international events and even sometimes they send a person with the team to control our hijab," Bayat told CNN Sport in a phone interview Tuesday. The headscarf, or the hijab, has been a mandatory part of women's dress in Iran since the 1979 Islamic revolution but, in recent years, some women have mounted opposition and staged protests about headwear rules. Bayat said she had been wearing a headscarf at the tournament but that certain camera angles had made it look like she was not. "If I come back to Iran, I think there are a few possibilities. It is highly possible that they arrest me [...] or it is possible that they invalidate my passport," added Bayat. "I think they want to make an example of me." The photographs were taken at the first stage of the chess championship in Shanghai, China, but Bayat has since flown to Vladivostok, Russia, for the second leg between Ju Wenjun and Aleksandra Goryachkina. She was left "panicked and shocked" when she became aware of the reaction in Iran after checking her phone in the hotel room. The 32-year-old said she felt helpless as websites reportedly condemned her for what some described as protesting the country's compulsory law. Subsequently, Bayat has decided to no longer wear the headscarf. "I'm not wearing it anymore because what is the point? I was just tolerating it, I don't believe in the hijab," she added. "People must be free to choose to wear what they want, and I was only wearing the hijab because I live in Iran and I had to wear it. I had no other choice." Bayat says she sought help from the country's chess federation. She says the federation told her to post an apology on her social media channels. She agreed under the condition that the federation would guarantee her safety but she said they refused. "My husband is in Iran, my parents are in Iran, all my family members are in Iran. I don't have anyone else outside of Iran. I don't know what to say, this is a very hard situation," she said. CNN contacted the Iranian Chess Federation on Tuesday but has yet to receive a response.
Bitcoin Priced in USD on Mt. GoxAbove is Gox price as of ~9:30 PM (GMT+2). Still above the previous low, but dipping below the 38.2% retracement level. Note the low volume. What’s leading us down? I suspect the trading fees implemented on BTC China, as documented elsewhere on this site. 0.3% fees are still cut-rate by Western standards, but the Chinese may have taken it as a negative sign. I believe that free services are common to China’s highly competitive, winner-take-all economy. Bitcoin Priced in CNY on BTC ChinaAnd here’s Bitcoin price in China; note that volume remains high and the Bitcoin price appears weaker on this side. I believe BTC China is acting as the leading market, setting a bearish tone which is dragging other exchanges down. Note that Gox displays a double top, whereas BTC China has a clear downwards trendline from a single peak. As I write, the bleeding has continued on BTC China, with price now threatening the previous low at ~¥3820. Below this 50% level, things get serious. The big question is if the Chinese Bitcoin price bounces from here. On the Gox side, next support level for the Bitcoin price will be the 50% Fib / ~$600 previous low level. Certainly, more price support seen outside of China. The Bitcoin price is undeniably under pressure here, and how it performs close to and at these key 50% levels on the respective exchanges is a real test. Be ready for anything. This is a part of the Cryptocurrency Investment Club by CryptoCoinsNews.com. Join our FREE and EXCLUSIVE Cryptocurrency Investment Club! LIMITED memberships. Receive weekly analysis of different cryptocurrencies plus much more. Read more here and
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York president, John C. Williams, made clear on Thursday evening that officials viewed the emergency rate cut they approved earlier this week as part of an international push to cushion the economy as the coronavirus threatens global growth. Mr. Williams, one of the Fed’s three key leaders, spoke in New York two days after the Fed slashed borrowing costs by half a point in its first emergency move since the depths of the 2008 financial crisis. The move came shortly after a call between finance ministers and central bankers from the Group of 7, which also includes Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy and Japan. “Tuesday’s phone call between G7 finance ministers and central bank governors, the subsequent statement, and policy actions by central banks are clear indications of the close alignment at the international level,” Mr. Williams said in a speech to the Foreign Policy Association. Rate cuts followed in Canada, Asia and the Middle East on Wednesday. The Bank of Japan and European Central Bank — which already have interest rates set below zero — have yet to further cut borrowing costs, but they have pledged to support their economies. Mr. Williams’s statement is significant, in part because global policymakers were criticized for failing to satisfy market expectations for a coordinated rate cut among major economies. Stock prices temporarily rallied after the Fed’s announcement, but quickly sank again. Central banks face challenges in offsetting the economic shock of the coronavirus. Many were already working hard to stoke stronger economic growth, so they have limited room for further action. That makes the kind of carefully orchestrated, lock step rate cut central banks undertook in October 2008 all but impossible. Interest rate cuts can also do little to soften the near-term hit from the virus, which is forcing the closure of offices and worker quarantines and delaying shipments of goods as infections spread across the globe. “It’s up to individual countries, individual fiscal policies and individual central banks to do what they were going to do,” Fed Chair Jerome H. Powell said after the cut, noting that different nations had “different situations.” Mr. Williams reiterated Mr. Powell’s pledge that the Fed would continue monitoring risks in the “weeks and months” ahead. Economists widely expect another quarter-point rate cut at the Fed’s March 18 meeting. The New York Fed president, whose reserve bank is partly responsible for ensuring financial markets are functioning properly, also promised that the Fed stood ready to act as needed to make sure that everything is working smoothly. Since September, when an obscure but crucial corner of money markets experienced unusual volatility, the Fed has been temporarily intervening in the market to keep it calm. The goal is to keep cash flowing in the market for overnight and short-term loans between banks and other financial institutions. The central bank has also been buying short-term government debt. “We remain flexible and ready to make adjustments to our operations as needed to ensure that monetary policy is effectively implemented and transmitted to financial markets and the broader economy,” Mr. Williams said Thursday.